Document "write wrong digits" noise (#128)
ihmeuw/pseudopeople: docs/source/noise/column_noise.rst

Write the wrong digits
----------------------

> Sometimes people may write the wrong number for numeric data such as a street

Reviewer: It's interesting to describe this as numeric data -- it isn't, from a programming perspective, but maybe this is how our users will think about this?

Author: Maybe I could say "fields that include numbers" or something?

Reviewer: Sounds good to me!

number, date, or social security number. This could be intentional or
accidental. pseudopeople simulates this type of noise in numeric columns by

> randomly selecting some digits from the true number and replacing each selected
> digit with a diferent digit selected uniformly at random.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
randomly replacing some digits with a different digit selected uniformly at random.
```

This seems like enough detail? Or do you think this is missing something important?

Author: Nope, sounds good. Thanks!

This noise type is called :code:`write_wrong_digits` in the configuration.
It takes two parameters:

.. list-table:: Parameters to the write_wrong_digits noise type
  :widths: 1 5 1
  :header-rows: 1

  * - Parameter
    - Description
    - Default
  * - :code:`cell_probability`
    - The probability that any given cell in the column will be selected to be eligible for this type of noise.
    - 0.01 (1%)
  * - :code:`token_probability`

>     - The conditional probability, given that a numeric cell has been selected for noise eligibility, that any given digit in the true number will be replaced by a different digit.

Reviewer: This is a bit inconsistent with how I've been writing this, but I think it is clear. Maybe we should do a consistency pass at some point when all the noise types are documented, but I think it's fine for now.

Author: Yeah, this was one of the main things I wanted your opinion on, to see if we can settle on a preferred way to describe these things. Maybe I can try editing to match yours more closely...

Author: Just leaving it for now in the interest of getting it merged. We can take another pass later.
